come on yeah I'm sorry my training two
stars personal trainer and I could help
you out too and personal that was no
problem at all you know it may mean you
getting that trick hold that thought hey
leotard come here girl yeah good work
out there yeah I'm see you later though
me and you yeah what's up what's up doc
I want to get on next we're working he's
try one more yeah that's how you lift
like a check I mean Kobe was in here
last killing it man beeston he had all
his wings on and now there's like
another to come on Doc so should have
something to do
you're doing a whole lot of working out
dr. dre about time you do look working
out on that album you need to be working
on shutting I'm gonna I'm gonna grind
how do you think we should promote these
power beats me and you know what think
about a fresca fresca no no you will
never ever do another press conference
man if I was you I wouldn't impress my
shirt I wouldn't meet the press are we
still here I thought you thought of me
don't know seriously you doing I'm the
presentation oh I'm about love it you
felt the burn right hey can't take a
picture each other can I get one man
hurry up hey baby girl take a picture of
me and my two owe me one sec one sec oh
that's good let's get him up take my
picture come on Ron where you going you
know you wrong right wasn't the Hat I
shouldn't water have huh hey you put
your phone number right here I